Keep your eyes peeled. Try this.
Long Diante belongs to Lord Piaoxu
I'll tell you what.
This is the owner of the building store
You are the Lord of Longtian Palace
The boy is a little bit unrealistic
Boy, I'll forgive you here.
Boy, I'll forgive you. Okay?
The person I admire the most is you
What you had to say earlier
I will give you all the venomous snake cream.
Humph
You vipers help these crooked melons and cracked dates
I don't like it. Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes.
Our owner has always kept a low profile
He doesn't like others to know his identity
Remember not to talk nonsense, I understand
I understand, the owner.
The little one has the key and didn't take it.
Jiang
The little three of the beast came to me yesterday
If someone came to collect the Ye family's account
The man will kill the woman and send it to him.
Gave me a large sum of money
I didn't spend a penny.
All for you all for you
Asahi
Help me check the minimum movement of Qin Chong
Keep an eye on me
Yes
Why hasn't Shen Yan come back yet?
No, viper is ruthless and soft-hearted
Kidneys don't take risks.
Can't really happen?
No, I have to go and see